Shen Tian deceived the shopkeeper at the return banquet
Your Shen family is dead
This is what I got for the owner.
The first beauty in Jiangcheng, Ye Manting
Mr. Qian, you stopped the night
Throw out the night
How dare you hide the shopkeeper's congratulations at the return banquet
Do you want to die?
Where did you hide the bowl hall?
Shen Tian's eyes of taking his wife do not slaughter the sky together
Did you see it?
Shen Tian at the Dragon Shop Owner's Return Banquet
Publicly provoke the shopkeeper
His crime is punishable
The Shen family is dying
Dare to deceive the shopkeeper at the return banquet
Well, I really don't know how to write the word death
Looks like I'll teach you a lesson
I forgot who is the master again